♪ Onolicious dishes
you make for me ♪
♪ Tutu, pass the mahi-mahi ♪
♪ Onolicious dishes
you make for me ♪
♪ You make me hau'oli ♪
♪ Hurry, Tutu,
Auntie's on her way ♪
♪ You know how much
you likey likey ♪
♪ Pochogeese soup and Kaneohe ♪
♪ Mahalo nui loa it's maika i ♪
♪ Onolicious dishes
you make for me ♪
♪ Tutu, pass the mahi-mahi ♪
♪ Onolicious dishes
you make for me ♪
♪ You make me hau'oli ♪
(Steve whistling)
♪ ♪
♪ Onolicious dishes
you make for me ♪
♪ Tutu, pass the mahi-mahi ♪
♪ Onolicious dishes
you make for me ♪
♪ You make me hau'oli. ♪
(doorbell rings)
Hi, can I, uh...
can I help you?
I'm not sure if
I have the right place.
A handsome gentleman
promised me an evening
of romance and fine dining.
Huh, okay, well,
I can, uh...
I can definitely help you
with one of those.
I hope it's dinner,
because I'm starving.
Um, excuse me, Kiani?
I'm sorry to interrupt.
I just need to borrow
my son for a second.
Dad, we're in the middle
of a practice test.
It's only gonna take
a second, come on.
Hey, Grace.
How you doing?
Good.
I just got off the
phone with your dad.
Apparently, your grandfather's
surgery went well.
Yeah, Danno said he should
be coming home soon.
Oh, that's nice.
Well, you just remember
our house is your house.
You can spend as much time
over here as you want
while your father's
away, okay?
Thanks, Mr. Grover.
All right.
Come on.
Dad, you know we only get
an hour with the tutor, right?
Yeah, I know.
I'm the one that's
paying for it, remember?
Listen, Grace
seeing anybody?
What?
Look, her father seems
to be convinced that
she's got a boyfriend
on the low,
so he asked me to ask you
if you've heard anything.
Uh, no.
No, no, sorry.
Hey, whoa, whoa,
wait a minute now.
I hardly get to
see you anymore.
Come on, now.
Can you find out?
Uh...
What?
Well, it's just that,
you know, you--
You want me to be a narc.
Hey.
Narcs are heroes.
Don't forget that.
Okay, well,
if Grace's dad wants to know
who she's dating,
why can't he, you know,
just... ask her?
Uh-huh.
So she is seeing somebody.
No, I-I didn't say that,
okay?
Again, why can't he just ask her?
Because...
he doesn't want her to
think he doesn't trust her.
Well, it's pretty obvious
that he doesn't.
Stop arguing with me!
You haven't any idea
what it's like
to raise a daughter,
believe me.
Come on, man, you
can't do this for me?
We're supposed
to be a team.
All right, all right.
All right, my man.
Yes, sir.
Remember this when
I ask for the Xbox.
Hey, don't try
to bribe the police.
It's a felony.
Well, when I was
eight years old,
he took me out
to Barber's Point.
And that was
my very first time.
And you know what?
I caught a six-pound wahoo.
Whoa.
Whoa is right.
But you know what, that
fish was a real fighter.
And after a while,
I yelled to my dad,
I said, "Dad, help!"
You know what he said?
He said, "No way,
you're on your own."
That's mean.
I know, right?
(chuckles)
But you know what I found out
is that he wanted that moment
to be all mine.
So I struggled
and I struggled.
I yanked and yanked,
and then
pulled that fish
out of the water
and brought it
onto the boat.
Will you take me
fishing someday?
Of course, sweetie.
I would love
to take you fishing.
And you know what?
I bet with those
strong arms
you'd be really
good at it, too.
All right, you,
story time's over.
Bedtime now, okay?
Good night, sweetie.
Sweet dreams.
Thanks for babysitting.
We had fun.
Though she refused to go
to bed until you got home.
Yeah, that sounds
about right.
(both chuckle)
I'll take over.
Thanks.
So, how'd it go?
You know,
it's hard to say.
I made my case.
I tried to explain that
blocking or delaying
Sara's adoption was warranted.
The problem is that the court
doesn't want to intervene
unless there's hard evidence
that the child's welfare
could be endangered.
Her uncle's phone number
was found on a cell phone
of a known drug trafficker.
The judge thinks
that makes sense,
considering the fact
that Morales is already
a criminal defense attorney.
(sighs)
Every time I tuck her in,
I think it might be the last.
When are they gonna
let you know?
Most likely in the morning.
(sighs)
But if the adoption
goes through,
she could be on a plane
to Mexico within 48 hours.
Let's hope it
doesn't come to that.
Mmm, my brain is
telling me to stop,
but my stomach's
saying, "Keep going."
You should listen
to your stomach because
we have dessert
coming up.
Yeah? What you got?
Homemade Chantilly cake
with macadamia nuts.
That is impressive.
I better pace myself.
Hey, I love the new haircut.
Yeah?
Yeah, I do.
I think the bangs
are super cute.
Cheers.
I'll go get some more wine.
No, no, no.
You just relax.
You've done enough.
(whispers):
I'll be back.
Okay. I'll be here.
(Lynn chuckles)
(cell phone ringing)
Hello?
WOMAN: Steve?
Catherine?
Yeah, it's me.
Can you talk?
Uh, kind of.
You all right?
Oh, I-I'm fine, I'm fine.
Steve, listen,
there's something going on
that you need to know about,
but, uh, I can't really
get into it
over an open line.
Catherine, what are
you talking about?
I'll explain everything
in a minute.
I couldn't decide.
You okay?
Yeah, um...
something's going on.
I'm not quite sure what it is.
(knocking)
You expecting someone?
No, I wasn't, uh...
She just decided to drop in.
"She"?
Catherine.
"Catherine"?
Like Catherine,
Catherine?
Yeah, uh...
I'm sorry, could you, uh,
excuse me for just a second?
(sighs)
Hey.
Come on in.
Oh!
Sorry.
I didn't, um...
Lynn, this is
Catherine.
Catherine, Lynn.
Hello.
It's nice to meet you.
I'm sorry to barge in like this,
but it couldn't wait.
Okay.
STEVE:
What's going on?
It's about your mother.
My mother?
She's in trouble.
(Hawaii Five-O
theme song plays)
Okay, look, I know
I have a lot to explain
with my leaving
the CIA, all of it.
And-and that is
a conversation
that I want to have with you.
But we're really pressed
for time here, so...
Yeah, yeah, all right.
What's going on?
All right, so,
last night, Doris
tried to break Wo Fat's father
out of a CIA blacksite.
The op went sideways.
(grunts)
Word is is that
they're holding her
until they decide what
they're gonna do with her.
And I'm trying to get
more information.
No one's talking,
and I don't even know
what country
the site is in.
Morocco.
I'm sorry?
It's in Morocco.
How would you know that?
Because I've been there.
A couple of months ago,
I had a,
a sit-down with Yao Fat.
And now,
I'm realizing that Doris must
have orchestrated that meeting
so she could
follow me out there
and learn
the location of the site.
She used me.
We got to do something.
We got to figure a way
to get her out of there.
No way.
Steve.
I know... she has hurt you.
okay, but whatever she's done,
Steve,
she is still your mother.
Are you really gonna let her
spend the rest of her life
in a box?
(sighs)
Okay, 'cause-cause that's
what she's looking
at right now.
(sighs)
Steve...
I know you.
You don't help her now...
...you will regret it.
♪ ♪
Sorry again for interrupting
your evening.
It's all right.
Whatever it is
sounds serious.
Well, I have to say you're being
very understanding about this.
I mean, because I know
out of context,
this could
look a little weird.
Yeah.
(both laugh)
Yeah, my boyfriend's ex
who he was gonna propose to
shows up in the middle of our
date and now he's upstairs
packing to go
on a trip with her?
Yeah, out of context,
that is a little weird.
(chuckles softly)
Oh, my God.
Oh, my God,
you didn't know.
I am so sorry.
I didn't mean to...
STEVE: All right.
Um...
It was so nice to meet you.
Uh, I'm gonna go wait outside.
Okay.
Lynn... I'm sorry.
You don't need to explain.
Just promise me you'll be okay.
I'm gonna be okay.
Okay.
♪ ♪
Okay. Here we go!
Keep pedaling, Steve!
You're doing great!
Hey.
You okay?
Yeah.
I wanted to tell you.
I did.
You were the last person
I ever wanted to lie to, Steve.
And then when I found out
what you did for me, and how...
how you came through when
my cover was almost blown, I...
You saved my life.
You would've done the
same for me, Catherine.
When did they recruit you?
When I was in Afghanistan.
Right, so, last year,
when you came to Hawaii...
Yeah, yeah.
Yeah.
(chuckles)
Okay.
Yeah.
My son.
Hey, where you
rushing off to?
Baseball practice.
Well, how you gonna play
baseball on an empty stomach?
Come on, shortstop,
sit down.
It just so happens...
I made my world-famous bacon
and jalapeno omelet.
Thanks, thank you.
But I-I'm, watching
my cholesterol, so...
You get a chance
to get the skinny on that thing
I asked you about?
Uh, about that.
I-I asked, and-and
she wouldn't say.
I'm-I'm sorry.
Do you think
I was born this big?
I was a kid once,
you know.
I invented half the stuff
you think you can get away with.
You being straight with me?
Yes, sir.
Okay, okay.
Look, I didn't ask,
but it-it-it
seemed so weird,
and it's none of my business.
Well, make it
your business.
Listen, Grace Williams
is a nice girl,
and her father's
a really good friend of mine.
but he happens to be
as stubborn as they come.
If I don't have any intel
on his daughter
when he comes back,
I'll never hear the end of it.
So, sit.
Eat.
(sighs)
(knocking)
Good, and breakfast
gets your brain going,
and you can work
that thing out, I'm...
Hey.
Hey. Kono, what's up?
Actually, I was wondering
if you talked to Steve recently.
Not since yesterday. Why?
'Cause I talked to Danny,
and, uh...
he said that Steve left him
a message last night,
saying that something was up,
and he had to leave town.
♪ ♪
Hey.
I got your message.
Any update on Steve?
Yeah. We spoke to Lynn.
According to her,
McGarrett left town last night.
With Catherine.
You're kidding.
KONO:
No.
Apparently something
about Doris being in trouble,
but they didn't give Lynn
any details.
GROVER: There is some
good news, though.
McGarrett's phone
just popped back up online.
He's in Rabat.
Morocco?
That where McGarrett went
to meet Wo Fat's father.
Looks like Danny
was right to be worried.
♪ ♪
(speaks in Berber)
(grunts)
(shouts, coughs)
Relax. Relax. Breathe.
(inhales, exhales)
There you go.
You guys are Americans.
I wasn't expecting that.
What do you want
with me?
Let's just say, uh...
we're curious about
your place of employment.
What she means
is you're gonna tell us
exactly where it's located,
security protocols,
number of active personnel
on duty.
Then you're gonna tell us where
Doris McGarrett is being held.
STEVE:
Electrified fences.
They got towers at every corner,
armed guards,
closed circuit security cameras,
I mean, this place is heavily,
heavily fortified.
CATHERINE:
Yeah.
We can't exactly
go in guns blazing.
What the hell
was Doris thinking?
Well, (scoffs)
Doris wasn't thinking.
Clearly,
this decision she's made
was an emotional one.
Okay, uh...
help me out here, 'cause...
'cause I, I don't understand.
Uh-huh.
Back in the day,
Doris was assigned
to kill this guy.
Now, 40 years later,
she's risking everything
to free him. Why?
Because she never
forgave herself
for what she did
to Yao and his family.
♪ ♪
Mom, I'm home!
Mom?
(sniffles)
Hey, sweetie.
I didn't hear you.
Everything's okay.
Mommy's fine.
(sniffles)
STEVE:
I-I had never
seen my mother cry before.
She was always so
happy, you know?
I didn't understand
seeing her like that.
It wasn't until years later,
when I learned about
her relationship with Wo Fat.
Everything that went down...
it started to make sense.
I started to get it,
put the pieces together.
I mean, the things
my mother has done,
the way she betrayed Yao...
the operation
that killed his wife...
she can't... get past the guilt.
The guilt of all that
just haunts her.
And no matter
how much time goes by,
no matter how much
her life changes,
she can't shake the burden.
(car doors open, close
in distance)
♪ ♪
(door opens)
(grunts)
(panting)
Well, I guess
we should've knocked.
I should've known I couldn't
trust Danny Williams
to keep his big mouth shut.
GROVER:
That's your partner, man.
He was worried about you.
Like we all were.
We don't know exactly
what's going on,
but all indications
are it isn't good.
No, it's not.
KONO: Look, we came
to give you guys a hand.
Besides...
Casablanca's on my bucket list.
So here we are.
You guys didn't have to do this.
Oh, come on, now.
You're 'ohana. So is Doris.
Whatever this is,
we got your back.
All right, come in
and shut the door.
I'll brief you.
All right.
There you go.
That should keep you
comfortable for a while.
Once this thing's over,
somebody will come
and get you, all right?
Go to hell.
Already there, pal.
Hey.
What's going on?
Barely said a word
since we left Hawaii.
We lost the appeal.
What are you talking about?
It's over.
We heard from the judge
this morning.
Sara's going back to Mexico.
(whispering):
I'm sorry.
(sighs)
We knew it could
go this way, right?
Yeah.
Does Sara know?
Yeah, I told her before we left.
♪ ♪
Lady from Child Services who's
handling our case
is looking after her.
Aunt and uncle
are flying in.
Sara's gonna be gone
by the time we get back.
(sighs)
You know,
it's just as well.
You know, I...
It'd be to hard to handle
actually watching her leave,
huh?
You ready?
Let's do it.
All right, after Lou cuts
the power how much time
do we have before the
backup generator kicks in?
About 60 seconds.
All right, Kono, you're
quarterbacking this play.
We move when you say.
Copy that, standby.
Okay, Lou, get ready.
In five seconds.
Four...
three...
two...
one.
(indistinct shouting)
(guards shouting)
GUARD:
Hey, get those generators going!
Get the lights back on!
Someone call Rogers
and see what's going on!
(guards shouting)
Yeah, I've got nothing.
Backup should kick in any sec.
All right, buddy,
keep me posted.
KONO:
Be aware.
Backup generators coming on.
There it is.
All right,
Holloway said that
Doris's cell was
in the next building over.
Keys.
There's your path
right there.
STEVE: Yeah.
All right, you guys keep an eye
on these monitors,
I'll go get Doris.
Do me a favor,
tie this guy up.
(guards shouting)
CATHERINE:
Steve, hold your position.
♪ ♪
(grunts)
Hey, Mom.
Steven.
What the hell
are you doing here?!
Gee, Ma, I don't know.
Why don't you take a guess?
You shouldn't have come.
(groaning):
Oh, yeah, I'm starting
to regret that myself now.
Are you okay?
(grunts)
Yeah.
I'll be fine.
We got to get out of here.
We got to get out of here, yeah.
Chin, Cath...
what's the word?
Better hold your position.
There's another guard
in the area.
Copy that.
We got to sit tight.
Wait, Chin and Catherine are here?
Yeah.
And Kono and Lou Grover.
Who's that?
Oh, you haven't met Lou.
No.
Great guy.
You'll love him.
You brought
a lot of backup.
Yeah, I did.
Only an idiot would break
into this place alone.
Okay, I deserve that.
I'm sorry.
I'll be fine, come on.
Oh, no, I'm sorry for...
(sighs)
I should've told you
about Wo Fat.
You know what, Ma?
Not really the time for that talk.
It's the perfect time.
I mean, we're both kind of
stuck here, right?
Okay.
Fine. Why didn't you tell me
about Wo Fat, Mom?
Because I didn't
think you'd understand and
I was too afraid to find out.
It was just easier
for me to go
than to face you,
so I left.
Went back to the only thing
I was ever really good at.
And three years ago,
when you looked me in the eye
and you promised me you'd stay,
but you left anyway,
you knew you were gonna
do that, too, didn't you?
Huh?
You knew and I knew, too.
You want to know how I knew?
No, how did you know?
'Cause you did it exactly
the same way you did it
all those years before when
you left me and Dad and Mary.
Exactly the same way.
Bye, mom.
Bye.
Steven, wait!
What?
Nothing, just... come here.
(boys laughing)
I love you
and I'm so proud of you.
I love you, too, Mom.
Yeah, I remember every second
of that day.
All right?
I thought it was gonna be
the last time I'd see you.
It was the last time...
for a really long time.
(crying):
I'm sorry.
I'm so sorry, Steven.
I... for everything.
(sniffles)
It's all right, Ma.
It's okay.
And, uh...
(whispering):
thank you for coming to get me.
You're welcome.
(whispering): Why don't you thank
me when we get out of here?
Okay, I will.
Put that on.
Okay.
Chin, Cath,
what's the word?
All clear.
STEVE:
All right, everybody,
exfil in 90 seconds.
Roger that.
But wait, wait, wait.
We can't leave yet.
What are you talking about?
Yao. We have to take him with us.
Hey, hey.
I came here for you
and I got you.
And I came for him.
And you failed,
which is why I'm here.
We got to go.
I'm not going anywhere.
Mom.
No, listen to me.
(whispering):
That man lost his family.
He lost the last 20 years
of his life.
He's suffered enough.
I am not leaving
him behind.
Mom.
I'm not going.
You're impossible. Impossible.
STEVE:
Hey, man.
What are you
still doing here?
I thought you were
gonna rotate out.
What are you talking about?
Who sent you?
What's that?
I said
who sent you?
Would you mind
lowering that thing?
Oh, yeah, sure, no problem.
Put your hands where
I can see them.
Lower your weapon.
Put it on the ground.
Slowly.
Stand up.
Hands behind your head.
Interlock your fingers.
Turn around.
Face the wall.
I didn't think
I would ever see you again.
I never stopped looking for you.
STEVE:
Get in there.
Against the left wall,
right here.
Get on your knees.
On your knees.
Cover him, Ma, cover him.
What are you doing?
I got no zip ties.
What, seriously?
You didn't
bring restraints
and you've been on
how many ops now?
You know what, Ma?
I thought I was coming in,
getting you and getting out,
okay?
I didn't think
I was gonna be tying up
bad guys,
all right?
Who raised you?
CATHERINE:
Guys, we got a problem.
There's a guard
in Doris's cell.
He's calling it in.
We need to get
out of here now.
(alarm blaring)
Come on,
let's go. Go.
I want this place locked down!
Let's go!
GROVER:
I hate to state the obvious,
but, uh, this is bad.
(guards shouting)
Chin, Cath, they're probably
on their way to you.
Abandon your position right now.
We're already
on our way out.
What about you guys?
DORIS:
Don't worry.
I have a plan.
You have a plan?
Yeah.
Contrary to what
you might think,
I didn't just show up here
and wing it.
I had an exit strategy.
Okay.
Chin and Catherine,
can you guys make it
to the north tower?
I think so, why?
On my way in, I hid a small
C-4 charge inside
an electrical panel.
Copy that.
We're on our way.
I was gonna trigger it
to create a distraction,
get the guards
running one way,
while Yao and I went the other.
Yeah, that's great, Ma.
I don't think that
plan's gonna work now.
No, but if we can get
our hands on that explosive,
we can use it to dynamite
our way out of here.
How do you figure?
One level down on the east side,
there's an old sewer tunnel
that was sealed off years ago.
Goes all the way to the river.
If we can retrieve that charge,
we can maybe blast it open.
I figure we'll have
30 seconds tops
before the guards show up.
(alarm continues wailing)
Let's go.
(men yelling indistinctly)
GUARD:
Freeze right there!
All right, all right.
All right, all right!
(guns cocking)
How many are with you?
I came alone.
Put him in the chair.
I take it you're familiar
with this process.
I've never been on the
receiving end of it myself,
but it always looks
quite unpleasant.
No, it's not too bad.
Let's get started.
I'll ask you again.
How many are with you?
(distant grunting,
blows landing)
Looks like you're about
to find out.
(men grunting)
(gun cocks)
Stay down, stay down.
Don't move.
You must be insane if you think
you're just gonna
walk out of here.
Yeah, we'll see.
(door opens)
STEVE:
Hey.
Thought you needed some help.
We did.
Two minutes ago.
Let's go, Ma.
Out, out, out, out.
Out.
Don't move.
Hello, Mrs. McGarrett.
Nice to see you again.
Did you find the charge?
Right where you said.
Let's go.
This way!
Give me the charge.
Do not let them leave the
premises! Let's go! Go, go!
Okay, go, find cover.
Let's go, take
cover, guys, go, go, go.
(beeps)
Let's go, Ma.
(detonator blips)
You, uh, you sure
this is gonna work?
There are a lot of
secrets in that man's head.
A lot of people at the CIA
who still consider him a threat.
It's why they've kept
him locked up all this time.
So, long as he's out
there, they can't touch me.
Or any of you guys
for that matter.
All right.
So, uh, what happens after that?
Then what?
Then I'll be able to come home.
Oh. Okay.
Seriously, I might...
even get a place just
down the street from you.
Oh, trust me, you are never
gonna be able get rid of me.
I bet.
(laughing):
Come here.
I want you to know that...
everything I did,
every decision...
I made them for
the right reasons.
I-- no, no, listen.
I, at least I thought
so at the time.
You know?
But if you ever want
to know more about me,
about who I was before,
the answers are...
waiting for you at home.
What do you mean?
Ten paces from the
far wall in the study,
there's a loose floorboard.
Under that, there's a lock-box.
The combination is 90268.
Inside... you'll
find all the answers.
Take care of yourself.
Okay?
What?
Being a spy wasn't
the only thing
you were ever good at, Mom.
I love you.
Hey.
So, uh, I'm gonna be
hitching a ride with them.
I got a... a new assignment,
and Doris is gonna
drop me off on the way.
Do me a favor,
tell me something.
What's that?
Are you happy?
Doing what you're doing?
Yeah.
I am.
All right, good.
That's good.
♪ Ooh ♪
(plane engine starts up)
I should go.
Oh.
Thanks for coming to get me.
You know, just because
I'm not in your life,
doesn't mean I don't still
care about you.
(softly):
I know, I know.
See you around, sailor.
I know about it.
What?
I know
what you were gonna do
before I left.
Wait a minute, wait, did Lynn--?
It was a, it was an accident.
She didn't mean to.
I'm sorry.
Just, uh, you know,
out of curiosity,
if I'd have asked,
what would you have said?
I would've said yes.
Hey.
Lynn...
she seems like a nice girl.
I hope that works out.
'Cause you deserve to be happy.
♪ ♪
♪ I wake up feeling ♪
♪ Like I've aged a year ♪
♪ 'Cause I go to sleep ♪
♪ In fear of the dawn ♪
♪ Head full of dreams ♪
♪ Unclear ♪
♪ Make the days
seem twice as long ♪
♪ I don't know how ♪
♪ To say good-bye to you ♪
♪ Maybe tomorrow ♪
♪ I can start anew ♪
♪ I just don't know how ♪
♪ To say good-bye to you ♪
♪ Passed by where
we used to go ♪
♪ Where I now g o alone ♪
♪ Everything ♪
♪ We had ♪
♪ To brave ♪
♪ I'm left here to face ♪
♪ On my own ♪
♪ I don't know how ♪
♪ To say good-bye to you ♪
♪ I don't know ♪
♪ How to say ♪
♪ Good-bye to you ♪
DORIS: This morning
I found out I'm pregnant.
I don't know who's happier,
me or John.
He's called me
from work five times already.
If it's a girl,
I'd like to name her Mary.
And if it's a boy,
after John's father, Steve.
♪ Mm... ♪